"It is only in our darkest times we can see the beautiful stars."
― LeckT

"If you feel like you're in a shadow, there must also be a source of light."
― LeckT

"Live a life worth dying for."
― LeckT

"Many blame Icarus for flying too close to the sun, but way too few ask him if the view was worth it."
― LeckT

"Not everything needs a purpose in life, but you do, you little peice of shit."
― LeckT

"If life gives you lemons, make apple juice and make people wonder how the hell you did it."
― Gurbaksh Chahal

"Tough times never last, but tough people do."
― Robert H. Schuller

"Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough."
― Elon Musk

“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
― Albert Einstein

“Everything you can imagine is real.”
― Pablo Picasso

“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”
― Oscar Wilde

"I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary."
― Elon Musk

“You cannot find peace by avoiding life.”
― Michael Cunningham

“If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there.”
― George Harrison

“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.”
― May Sarton

"Many things are improbable, only a few are impossible."
― Elon Musk

"No matter what path you choose in life, I'll choose a better one."
― LeckT

"The map doesn't tell you where to go when you're at a cross road."
― LeckT

“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
― Mae West

"Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday."
― Dale Carnegie

"The road to success is always under construction."
― Lily Tomlin

"Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!"
― Dr. Seuss 

"Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
― Sherrilyn Kenyon

"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing."
― George Bernard Shaw

"Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music."
― George Carlin

"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."
― Robert Louis Stevenson

"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary."
― Vince Lombardi

"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one."
― Dolly Parton

"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence."
— Aristotle

"May you live every day of your life."
— Jonathan Swift

"Life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced."
— Soren Kierkegaard

"It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop."
— Confucius

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
— George Bernard Shaw

"When it is obvious that goals can’t be reached, don’t adjust the goals, but adjust the action steps."
— Confucius

"Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact."
— William James

"If they spit at you behind your back it means you’re ahead of them."
— Confucius

"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new."
— Socrates

"Life is like a piano. What you get out of it depends on how you play it."
— Albert Einstein

"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new."
— Albert Einstein

"We do not describe the world we see. We see the world we can describe."
— René Descartes

"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
— Confucius

"The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude."
— William James

"The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless."
— John-Jacques Rousseau

"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced."
— Vincent van Gogh

"Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth."
— Pablo Picasso

"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “I’m possible”!"
— Audrey Hepburn

"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples."
— Mother Teresa

"Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right."
— Henry Ford

"If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary."
— Jim Rohn

"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve."
— Napoleon Hill

"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it."
— Henry Ford

"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."
— John D. Rockefeller

"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out."
— Robert Collier

"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light."
— Aristotle Onassis

"If you change your perspective, a situation right in front of you can reverse itself."
— Holo The Wise Wolf

"Remember the lesson, not the disappointment."
— Holo The Wise Wolf

"No matter what the journey, when you come to a fork in the road, you must decide in an instant which path to take."
— Holo The Wise Wolf

"Though possessing two eyes, most creatures can see but a single thing at a time."
— Holo The Wise Wolf

"Live a life you will remember."
— Avicii

"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty."
– Winston Churchill

"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today."
– Will Rogers

"You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you."
– Unknown

"It's not whether you get knocked down, It's whether you get up."
– Vince Lombardi

"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you."
– Steve Jobs

"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do."
– Rob Siltanen

"Don't stop believing."
– Journey

"Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday you said tomorrow, so just do it!"
– Shia LaBeouf

"Some people dream of success, while you're gonna wake up and work hard at it!"
– Shia LaBeouf

"You should get to the point where anyone else would quit and you're not gonna stop there!"
– Shia LaBeouf

"If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up."
– Shia LaBeouf

"Are you ready? It's the first day of the rest of your life!"
– Rory Kramer

"You can never reach the limit. Because when you approach it you only push it further away."
– KarjeN

"There's a famous saying that 'in life, there are no shortcuts to success' but in [TrackMania] that couldn't be further from the truth."
– Wirtual

"OwO"
– Wirtual

"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life."
― Charles Darwin

"Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying."
― Roy T. Bennett

"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well."
― Robert Louis Stevenson

"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all."
― Helen Keller

"You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime."
― Neil Gaiman

"Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities."
― George R.R. Martin

"Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand."
― Hayley Williams

"For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love."
― Carl Sagan

"The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself."
― Carl Sagan

"The sky calls to us. If we do not destroy ourselves, we will one day venture to the stars."
― Carl Sagan

"I'd rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and right."
― Elon Musk

"You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward."
― Roy T. Bennett

"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man."
― Heraclitus

"We all change [...] We are all different people all through our lives, and that's okay [...] so long as you remember all the people that you used to be."
― Eleventh Doctor

"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive"
― Marcus Aurelius

"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams."
― Oprah Winfrey

"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live."
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine."
― Neil Armstrong

"I think we're going to the moon because it's in the nature of the human being to face challenges."
― Neil Armstrong

"We all pass one day, in the nightsky we leave a mark. Those with truth will pervail, the fake will only be a spark."
― RYNO

"Love the life you live. Live the life you love."
― Bob Marley

"Every second counts 'cause there's no second try."
― Chad Kroeger, Nickelback

"Each day's a gift and not a given right. Leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind."
― Chad Kroeger, Nickelback

"You know it's never too late to shoot for the stars."
― Chad Kroeger, Nickelback

"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."
― Norman Vincent Peale

"Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don’t, who will?"
— Jon Bon Jovi

"You can't win until you're not afraid to lose."
— Jon Bon Jovi

"You better stand tall when they're calling you out, don't bend, don't break, and don't back down!"
— Jon Bon Jovi

"The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip."
— Jon Bon Jovi

"It's now or never 'cause I ain't gonna live forever."
— Jon Bon Jovi

"Such is life, sometimes zoop sometimes bonk"
— Devonty

"The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all."
— Richard Branson

"If somebody offers you an amazing opportunity but you are not sure you can do it, say yes-then learn how to do it later!"
— Richard Branson

"Listen more than you talk. Nobody learned anything by hearing themselves speak."
— Richard Branson

"If people aren't calling you crazy, you aren't thinking big enough."
— Richard Branson

"Success cannot be measured in wealth, fame or power, but by whether you have made a positive difference for others."
— Richard Branson

"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again."
— Richard Branson

"If you aim higher than you expect, you could reach higher than you dreamed."
— Richard Branson

"Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end."
— John Lennon

"Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved."
— William Jennings Bryan

"Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is."
— Ernest Hemingway

"Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future."
— Paul Boese

"Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life."
— John R. Wooden

"The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years, but the one with the richest experiences."
— Jean-Jacques Rousseau

"Life itself is a privilege. But to live life to the fullest- well, that is a choice."
— Andy Andrews

"You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection."
— Buddha

"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you pales in comparison to what lies inside you. "
— Ralph Waldo

"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
— Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi

"If you were born with the weakness to fall. You were born with the strength to rise."
— Rupi Kaur

"All our dreams can come true; if we have the courage to pursue them."
— Walt Disney

"Don't trust everything you read on the internet."
— Abraham Lincoln

"Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn't."
— Rikki Rogers

"Be yourself. If you try to be someone else, it won't work. Whatever you do, you are not going to make everyone happy."
— Kimi Räikkönen

This is a Quote Generator easter egg. Congratulations!
— LeckT

"All birds find shelter during a rain. But eagle avoids rain by flying above the clouds."
— Abdul Kalam

"Only the tallest tree has experience of the roughest wind."
— Demi Demi

"Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning."
— Connor Hart, via Twitter @yearbookmeme

"Where is my super suit?"
— Frozone

"Ya like jazz?"
— Barry B. Benson

"I don't always have time to study but when I do I still don't"
— Meng Manina, via Twitter @yearbookmeme

"This is a margin quote. I don't think it will appear in the textarea. If it does, I just pulled a coding WirtuaL."
— LeckT